20160425
========
Well shucks,  it occured to me that I added the *runTests()* function prematurely.  I hadn't first written a test for it.  I discovered this when I realized that my *FailingTestTest* and *SkippedTestTest* caught the very exceptions that *runTests()* is designed to catch and report.  Without thinking, I added a catch for *TestCase::TestSkipped*.  That's when it hit me.  So, even though its after the fact, I'll added the tests for *runTests()* now.

runTests()
----------
So, in order to make this function a little easier to test, I've moved it into a class.  I've also changed the call in *main()* to simply construct a temporary object and call *runTests()*.  Although the function still doesn't have a test, everything should still work as it did before.

...

Yep.  Everything still works as it did.  So now, the tests.

...

The first test, *TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails*, works as expected. One test was expected to fail, and errCount was 1 as tested in *run()*.   Of course now, I get what looks like repeated output.  It's actually not repeated, but a little explanation may be in order.  Here's the output with added comments:

    Running 4 tests.  //Summary of the main tests added by createTests()
	    1. PassingTestTest: OK  //Result of 1st test from createTests()
	    2. FailingTestTest: OK  //Result of 2nd test from createTests()
	    3. SkippedTestTest: OK  //Result of 3rd test from createTests()
    Running 3 tests.  //Summary of TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenTestFails tests
	    1. PassingTest: OK  //Result of 1st
		                    //   TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenTestFails test 
	    2. FailingTest: NOT OK //Result of 2nd
		                       //   TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenTestFails
							   //      test 
	    3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED //Result of 3rd
		                        //   TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenTestFails
								//      test 
    One or more tests FAILED (One or more tests SKIPPED) //Summary results for
	    // TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenTestFails tests
	
	    4. TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails: OK //Result of 4th test
		                                               //   from createTests()
    All tests PASSED //Summary results for tests from createTests()

Essentially, we've run two suites of tests.  We will likely revisit this later.  *TestSuite* would make a good class, and likely provide a nice way to provide more clear feedback during reporting.  At the very least it provides a clear boundary to those tests which belong together.  I'd always thought of a suite of tests as just being a collection of tests.  I know that other testing frameworks have dedicated classes for test suite instances, but I didn't really plan on providing one.  Of course plans do tend to change.

AThe next logical step would be to create a  *TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenATestIsSkipped* class.  It's obvious, though, that I have no way to report the number of skipped tests.  Uncle Bob's *Single Responsibility* and *Ask Don't Tell* principals come to mind.  *TestRunner::runTests()* not only runs each of the tests, but it also returns the number of failed tests.  This was originally done to allow a simple return back to the OS from *main()*.  I guess now would be a good time to refactor.  The plan will be to change *runTests()* to return void, and add *getFailedCount()* and *getSkippedCount()* functions.

...

OK, everything still passes.  Now to add the following tests...one at a time...in proper TDD fashion.  (Yea, a few more came to mind.)

	* TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped
	* TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass
	* TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped
	* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass
	* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail
	* Maybe, TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip
	* Maybe, TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail

Arg! Before that, we should probably have a TestRunnerTest base class!  Refactoring again.

OK, so, I've added *TestRunnerTest*, and derived *TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails* from it.  Here's *TestRunnerTest*:

	struct TestRunnerTest : TestCase
	{
		TestRunnerTest()
		: runner_()
		{}

	protected:
		TestRunner runner_;
	};

For the record, I don't like protected data in my classes.  However, here, I believe it to be OK.  We're not dealing with anything dynamically allocated, and *TestRunnerTest* is the clear owner.  I almost always tend to make members private and provide protected accessors.  Am I thinking clearly by keeping this protected?  I hope so.

OK, before we continue, a little more refactoring.  Wow, this is pretty cool.  Once you start trying to keep things clean, more and more things jump out at you.  So, here's *TestRunnerTest*:

	struct TestRunnerTest : TestCase
	{
		TestRunnerTest()
		  : runner_(),
		    tests_()
		{}

	    ~TestRunnerTest()
		{
			for(TestCase* t : tests_)
				delete t;

	        tests_.clear();
		}

	    void run()
		{
			runner_.runTests(tests_);
		}

	protected:
		void addTest(TestCase* test)
		{
			tests_.push_back(test);
		}

        TestRunner runner_;

	private:
		std::vector<TestCase*> tests_;
	};

To be honest, that protected member still bugs me.  I'm going to leave it for now.  Well, I'm going to try.  Is there any real reason to make it private?  What do you think?

...

Must knock off for the night.  Here's the current valgrind output:

valgrind
--------
	==28819== Memcheck, a memory error detector
	==28819== Copyright (C) 2002-2013, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
	==28819== Using Valgrind-3.10.1 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
	==28819== Command: ./casTest
	==28819== 
	Running 4 tests.
		1. PassingTestTest: OK
		2. FailingTestTest: OK
		3. SkippedTestTest: OK
	Running 3 tests.
		1. PassingTest: OK
		2. FailingTest: NOT OK
		3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED
	One or more tests FAILED (One or more tests SKIPPED)
		4. TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails: OK
	All tests PASSED
	==28819== 
	==28819== HEAP SUMMARY:
	==28819==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
	==28819==   total heap usage: 27 allocs, 27 frees, 1,180 bytes allocated
	==28819== 
	==28819== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
	==28819== 
	==28819== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
	==28819== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)











