#20160318

_NOTE: Edited on 05/09/2016._

##CAS2##
CAS2 is to be an application framework based on Robert C. Martin's SOLID principles.  It is the 2nd version of the framework, even though the first version was never finished.  The project is personal in nature, though I certainly intend for it to be usable...and _used_!  CAS, stands for "Clean and Simple".  It is to be developed using *Test Driven Development* techniques.  As the name implies, it is to be cleanly and simply coded.  It is also to be clean and simple to use.  APIs should be straight-forward and intuitive, and, should make developing applications, particularly distributed, multi-threaded applications easier to develop.

I've imported, and edited the make system from the original CAS project.  Hopefully, the edits have resulted in a cleaner, simpler make system for the project.

I tried to make the amke system non-recursive, but I wasn't able to accomplish this, so I've abandoned the effort and went with something close to the original.  I've changed the dependency management techniques to make use of the gcc/g++ built-in dependency management capabilities.  This was the result of information gotten from Paul D. Smith's site [http://make.mad-scientist.net](http://make.mad-scientist.net).

The first thing I'd like to do is to create a unit testing framework that
is simple to use and allows me to use *TDD*.  I've create one in the past, and could just use that one.  I haven't really finished it, but it is more than usable.  I also realize that convention would have me use a testing framework that was previously develop.  Google Test, C Green, or something else, but I believe that the exercise is worth doing again.  I think of it as a super kata of sorts.  So, the near term goal is to create the testing framework for CAS2 using Test Driven Development techniques.  A friend once said something about this being a bit of a chicken and egg type of problem.  I guess that's true, but as much as possible, I will write the test first.

Another advantage to starting over, is that it will allow me to capture my
progress in this informal way.

So, having a make system in place, I'll add a target for casTest, and
watch the build fail.  Well, I have a tiny bit more than just a make system.
I've also copied (and modified where necessary) a few scripts from the original
CAS project.  But, I am staring with no source files.

OK, so the build failed.  Now to get started.  Well, first let's get this
into a git repository.  Then, we'll get started.

---
OOPS! I guess I should have started with an empty directory struture.  No
worries, that's easily fixed....


