#20160509#

I'll start today by checking out *TestRunner* and try to make a decision on whether or not *tryTest()* is OK as is, or if it should return a result enum.  Here's the current state of our _TODO_ list:

**TODO**
--------
* TestRunner tests:

>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip</del>
>* Maybe, TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail

* <del>Split the code into multiple files</del>
* Refactor *TestRunner::runTest()*.  Should *tryTest()* return the test result (PASS, FAIL, SKIP) ?
* Create test logger/reporter.  How should we format the report?  Use TAP-style output?
* Implement various assert macros for test writers
* Implement test construction macros

...

Having looked at *runTest()* and *tryTest()*, I'm sort of inclined to leave them as is.  I think it would be less straight forward to return the test result (PASS, FAIL, or SKIP) back up to the caller.  If we did that, the caller would have to branch on the result to update the counters (_failed\__* and _skipped\__).  So, we'll at least delete that part of the task.

...

Now, is there anything else we need to do to *TestRunner*?  Well, we can definitely try and refactor the test reporting functionality to a separate class.  If we look at *runTests()* we see a call to *printHeader()*, then an iteration over the collection of tests passing each to *runTest()*, then a call to *printSummary()*.

Hmmm, maybe we need to rethink that idea of returning the test result back up to the caller.  Currently the reporting functionality is a bit spread out.  *runTests()* calls *printHeader()* and *printSummary()* which are essentially reporting functions.  *runTest()* calls *printTestResult()*.  Maybe if we consolidate the calls to the reporting functions it will help in our effort to extract the reporing functionality out of *TestRunner*.  (Keep in mind that *TestRunner* will likely still be the user of the new test reporting class, it just won't implement the functionality directly.)  Anyway, we need to move the call to *printTestResult()* to *runTests()* at least for now.

...

OK, so, where to place the test result enumeration?  At first, it seems that maybe it belonged in *TestCase*, but *TestCase* relies on exceptions to indicate the result of running a particular test; no exceptions equates to a passing test, a *TestCase::TestFailed* exception indicates a test failure, and a *TestCase::TestSkipped* exception indicates that a test has been skipped.  This works well, and we don't really want to change this behavior.  Also, adding the enumeration will add a direct dependency between *TestCase* and our new test report class.  This seems reasonable, but we really want to limit the dependencies bewteen classes as much as possible.  *TestRunner* doesn't really work as a home for test result enumeration because this would lead to a circular dependency between *TestRunner* and our test report class.  So, we'll create a new class, *TestResult*.  *TestResult* will basically contain an enumeration (*Passed*, *Failed*, *Skipped*) and a function to convert the enum to a string.  Of course, we'll need to write the conversion function incrementally via failing tests.  But I think, we can write the following without tests, since there's no real functionality involved.  Agreed?

	struct TestResult
	{
		enum Result
		{
			Passed,
			Failed,
			Skipped
		};
	};

So, we'll leave our refactoring of *TestRunner* and implement *TestResult*.

...

We've added, via TDD the *toString()* function, and now our *TestResult* class looks like this:

	struct TestResult
	{
		enum Result
		{
			Passed,
			Failed,
			Skipped
		};

	    static std::string toString(Result result);
	};

All tests pass.

...

Now we can return to our refactoring of *TestRunner*.

The first thing we want to do now is to change *runTest()* to return a *TestResult::Result* value.  Then, we'll fix the report related functions as necessary in prepartion to move them to the new class.  We'll called it *TestReporter*...at least for now.

...

A nice bonus of returning the result of the test from *tryTest()* has been the elimination of the two local variables (*previousFailed* and *previousSkipped*) in *runTest()*.  *runTest()* is quite clean now.  :)

##*TestReport*##
Well, time for dinner.  I think I need to think about this a bit anyway.  We want to define an interface for *TestReport*, but we don't really want to force any particular format on those who may want to provide their own test formats.  So, we'll let this stew for a while.

##valgrind##
	==9753== Memcheck, a memory error detector
	==9753== Copyright (C) 2002-2013, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
	==9753== Using Valgrind-3.10.1 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
	==9753== Command: ./casTest
	==9753== 
	Running 9 tests.
		1. PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions: OK
		2. FailingTestThrowsTestFailed: OK
		3. SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped: OK
		   Running 6 tests.
			   1. PassingTest: OK
			   2. PassingTest: OK
			   3. PassingTest: OK
			   4. PassingTest: OK
			   5. PassingTest: OK
			   6. PassingTest: OK
		   All tests PASSED
		4. TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass: OK
		   Running 3 tests.
			   1. PassingTest: OK
			   2. FailingTest: NOT OK
			   3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED
		   One or more tests FAILED (One or more tests SKIPPED)
		5. TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails: OK
		   Running 4 tests.
			   1. PassingTest: OK
			   2. PassingTest: OK
			   3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED
			   4. PassingTest: OK
		   All tests PASSED (One or more tests SKIPPED)
		6. TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip: OK
		7. TestResultToStringReturnsPassedForPassed: OK
		8. TestResultToStringReturnsFailedForFailed: OK
		9. TestResultToStringReturnsSkippedForSkipped: OK
	All tests PASSED
	==9753== 
	==9753== HEAP SUMMARY:
	==9753==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
	==9753==   total heap usage: 92 allocs, 92 frees, 3,609 bytes allocated
	==9753== 
	==9753== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
	==9753== 
	==9753== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
	==9753== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
