#20160831#
A quick look at our *TODO* list indicates that we've implemented most of the test runner and test reporter behaviors that we've thought of so far.  I'm sure that we might think of others in the future, but for now, it seems that we've got a basic framework for creating, running, and reporting the result of test cases.  Of course, we'd like to make it as easy as possible to create tests, and one of the things we'd like to avoid is a lot of cookie cutter code.  So, next, I think we'll define some test construction macros.  Oh just for the record, this seems like a logical place to go nexxt anyway.

**TODO**
**TODO**
--------
* TestRunner tests:

>* <del>PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions</del>
>* <del>FailingTestThrowsTestFailed</del>
>* <del>SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail</del>

* TestReporter tests:
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsOKForPassedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestPlan</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsNOTOKForFailedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsSKIPPEDForSkippedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestSummary</del>

* <del>Split the code into multiple files</del>
* <del>Refactor *TestRunner::runTest()*.  Should *tryTest()* return the test result (PASS, FAIL, SKIP) ?</del>
* <del>Create test logger/reporter.  How should we format the report?  Use TAP-style output?</del>

* Implement various assert macros for test writers
>* <del>EXPECT_TRUE</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_FALSE</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_THROWS</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_NOTHROW</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_EQ</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_NE<del>
>* <del>EXPECT_LT</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_LE</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_GT</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_GE<del>

>* <del>Create an error message factory that translates exception objects into
error messages</del>

* Implement test construction macros

* Rework the make system to be fully independent
* Consider whether or not *casTest* should be built into a single executable tool (rather than multiple tools).
* Consider replace *out_* member of *TestReporter* with something else.

* Create a library loader/plugin class to wrap the dynamic library routines we need for the plugins.
>* *void createTests(std::vector<TestCase*>&)*
>* *void deleteTests(std::vector<TestCase*>&)*
>* *TestReporter\* createTestReporter()*
>* *void deleteTestReporter(TestReporter\*)*

* Move all self-tests to a shared library so that the self test functions like any other test to be executed.

...

So, the test construction macros are meant to allow creation of tests with just a few lines of code.  A couple of obvious candidates might be:

	> *TEST_CASE* (or, as in casTest v1, *DEFINE_TEST*) to define a test case which is derived from *TestCase*.
	> *TEST_CASE_FROM* (or, as in casTest v1, *DEFINE_TEST_FROM*) to define a test case which is derived from another test case, which is ultimately derived from *TestCase*.
	
In casTest v1, the macros basically expanded to the definition of a class which was took its name from a macro argument.  In the case of *DEFINE\_TEST*, the single macro argument. In the case of *DEFINE\_TEST\_FROM*, the new class took its name from the first macor argument; the second was the class from which the new test case class derived.  This allowed the user to provide definitions for the virtual funtions setUp() and tearDown().  A definition of run() was required as this funtion is pure virtual in the base class *TestCase*.  casTest v1 also provided a *DEFINE\_BASE* macro.  Before a user could use *DEFINE\_TEST\_FROM*, the base class had to have been defined using *DEFINE\_BASE*.  While, I think in general this set of macros works pretty well, I'd like to avoid the requirement to use a special macro such as *DEFINE\_BASE* and allow the user to use any previously defined *TestCase* (derived) class with our equivalent to the *DEFINE\_TEST\_FROM* macro.  Actually, it seems that using *DEFINE\_TEST\_FROM* should even be usable with the base class *TestCase* itself.  Though it would certainly be easier to just use *DEFINE\_TEST* (or whatever we decide to call it).

Before we can proceed with defining these macros, there are a few other things we need to consider.  For instance, as currently implemented, the self-test classes are defined in header files, while their implementations are provided in .cpp files.  While this is normal for most development, we'd like the macros to simplify test creation.  The macros will actually expand to an inline definition/implementation of the class.  This allows the user to do something lke the following in creating a test:

	TEST_CASE(NewStackIsEmpty)
	{
		void run()
		{
			Stack<int> s;
			
			EXPECT_TRUE(s.empty());
		}
	};
	
This of course would expand to:

	struct NewStackIsEmpty : TestCase
	{
		NewStackIsEmpty()
			: TestCase()
		{
			setName("NewStackIsEmpty");
		}
		
		void run()
		{
			Stack<int> s;
			
			if(!s.empty()) throw TestCase::TestFailed(__FILE__,
			                                          __LINE__,
													  "s.empty() is not true.");
	    }
	};
	
Looking at *casTest.cpp*, we see that the self-tests are created in the function *createTests()*.  Eventually, this function will be required to be defined in each of our test suites and will be mapped into the process before being called.  Of course the plan is to provide an automated way to create the function and its implementation during build time.  The same is true of *deleteTests().

Although the test creation macros will be pretty simple, considering that I'd like to be able to simply swap the current code with code using a macro and rerun the tests, it would probably be best to postpone creating the macros until we're ready for a simple swap.  So, I guess that's all for now.  I'll do some more thinking, and attempt some progress next time.

##valgrind##
No valgrind this time as no changes were made.

