20160427
========
Tonight, I think I'll start by continuing the refactoring of *TestRunner*.  The most obvious place to start seems to be the for loop in *runTests()*.

...

So, after creating the private *runTest()* function, *TestRunner* looks pretty good.  All tests still pass.  The "call" to the *printResult()* macro should probably be changed to a function within *TestRunner* in the short term, and ultimately to the test report class.  I'm not sure what the test report class will look like, though, and of, it should be developed with *TDD*.

...

*TestRunner*
------------
Here's the current implementation of *TestRunner*.  Once we get that test report class in place this might just do.  One thing that seems a little less than optimum, is that if a client were to call *runTests()* twice, the test numbers would continue incrementing.  This isn't what I would like, and fixing it is just a line of code, but *TestRunner* will not be exposed to external clients, and having that line, *testNumber_ = 0* before the loop in *runTests()* just seems a little sour to me.  Hmmmmmm.  OH, ALL RIGHT!  I'll add the line.

	struct TestRunner
	{
		TestRunner()
			: testNumber_(0),
			  failed_(0),
			  skipped_(0)
	    {}

	    size_t getFailed() const
		{
			return failed_;
		}

        size_t getSkipped() const
		{
			return skipped_;
		}

        void runTests(std::vector<TestCase*>& tests)
		{
			print("Running " << tests.size() << " tests.");

	        testNumber_ = 0;

		    for(TestCase* t : tests)
				runTest(t);
    
		    printResult(failed_, skipped_);
		}

	private:
		void printResult(size_t errs, size_t skips)
		{
		    cout <<	(0 == errs ? "All tests PASSED":
			                     "One or more tests FAILED")
	             <<	(0 == skips ? "" : " (One or more tests SKIPPED)")
	             << endl;
	    }

        void runTest(TestCase* test)
		{
			int previousFailed(failed_);
			int previousSkipped(skipped_);
	
	        ++testNumber_;
			tryTest(test);
	
		    print("\t" << testNumber_ << ". " << test->name() << ": " <<
				(previousSkipped == skipped_ ? 
	            (previousFailed == failed_ ? "OK" : "NOT OK") : "SKIPPED"));
	    }

        void tryTest(TestCase* test)
		{
			try
			{
				test->run();
			}
			catch(const TestCase::TestFailed&)
			{
				++failed_;
			}
			catch(const TestCase::TestSkipped&)
			{
				++skipped_;
			}
		}

	    size_t testNumber_;
		size_t failed_;
		size_t skipped_;
	};

...

All tests still pass.

...

I guess that's all for now.  I think my refactoring phase is complete for now.  Tomorrow, I'll add more *TestRunner* tests, and begin thinking about how the assert macros should work.  I'll also try to review the past entries and collect all my TODOs into a list so that I don't drop the ball on anything.

valgrind
--------
    ==2953== Memcheck, a memory error detector
	==2953== Copyright (C) 2002-2013, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
	==2953== Using Valgrind-3.10.1 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
	==2953== Command: ./casTest
	==2953== 
	Running 4 tests.
	    1. PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions: OK
		2. FailingTestThrowsTestFailed: OK
		3. SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped: OK
	Running 3 tests.
		1. PassingTest: OK
		2. FailingTest: NOT OK
		3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED
	One or more tests FAILED (One or more tests SKIPPED)
		4. TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails: OK
	All tests PASSED
	==2953== 
	==2953== HEAP SUMMARY:
	==2953==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
	==2953==   total heap usage: 27 allocs, 27 frees, 1,227 bytes allocated
	==2953== 
	==2953== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
	==2953== 
	==2953== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
	==2953== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
