#20160528#

Thought I'd try do do a little bit before Karen and I have lunch and watch a little TV.  But, maybe, though it's time to reflect on where we're at with this thing.

So, as I mentioned yesterday, we've got 22 passing tests.  I believe the code coverage is pretty high, but I haven't really checked in in a while, so let me do that real quick.

##gcov##

Here's the gcov report.  Or at least the relevant parts of it.

	File 'basicTests.cpp'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 16
	Creating 'basicTests.cpp.gcov'

	File 'basicTests.h'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 3
	Creating 'basicTests.h.gcov'

	File 'testCase.h'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 1
	Creating 'testCase.h.gcov'

	File 'basicTestTests.cpp'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 18
	Creating 'basicTestTests.cpp.gcov'

	File 'basicTestTests.h'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 3
	Creating 'basicTestTests.h.gcov'

	File 'casTest.cpp'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 38
	Creating 'casTest.cpp.gcov'

	File 'tapTestReporter.cpp'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 24
	Creating 'tapTestReporter.cpp.gcov'

	File 'tapTestReporter.h'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 1
	Creating 'tapTestReporter.h.gcov'

	File 'tapTestReporterTests.cpp'
	Lines executed:97.92% of 48
	Creating 'tapTestReporterTests.cpp.gcov'

	File 'tapTestReporterTests.h'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 5
	Creating 'tapTestReporterTests.h.gcov'

	File 'testCase.cpp'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 18
	Creating 'testCase.cpp.gcov'

	File 'testExceptionTests.cpp'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 130
	Creating 'testExceptionTests.cpp.gcov'

	File 'testExceptionTests.h'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 11
	Creating 'testExceptionTests.h.gcov'

	File 'testReporter.cpp'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 8
	Creating 'testReporter.cpp.gcov'

	File 'testRunner.cpp'
	Lines executed:95.45% of 44
	Creating 'testRunner.cpp.gcov'

	File 'testRunnerTests.cpp'
	Lines executed:94.52% of 73
	Creating 'testRunnerTests.cpp.gcov'

	File 'testRunnerTests.h'
	Lines executed:100.00% of 3
	Creating 'testRunnerTests.h.gcov'

Not bad!  We've got 3 files that aren't reporting 100%.  The first, *tapTestReporterTests.cpp* is reporting this:

        1:   89:    EXPECT_TRUE("Tests ran: 10\n\tFAILED: 1\n\tSKIPPED: 2\n" ==
    #####:   90:		outStream_.str());

Apparently gcov isn't able to distinguish this particular wrapped line.  It didn't seem to have any trouble with others, so we'll have to blame it on the use of a wrapped line as an argument to the *EXPECT_TRUE()* macro.  I really don't like to use lines longer than 80 characters, so, we'll just leave it as is.  The main point is that we do have 100% code coverage for this file as well.

The next other file not reporting 100% coverage is *testRunner.cpp*.  It's reporting:

    #####:   25:size_t TestRunner::getSkipped() const
        -:   26:{
    #####:   27:    return skipped_;

This is entirely reasonable as we really haven't implemented a test for the test runner which gets the skipped test count yet.  I'll have to make sure that we have a *TODO* item for this.  I believe we have it covered.

Finally, we have *testRunnerTests.cpp* reporting:

    #####:   27:    std::string resultToString(TestResult::Result result)
        -:   28:    {
    #####:   29:	static std::string resString[3] = {"Passed", "Failed", "Skipped"};
        -:   30:
    #####:   31:	return resString[result];
        -:   32:    }

Hmmm, this function may have become obsolete anyway.  I'll add a *TODO* item so that we won't forget to consider removing the function.

Anyway, I'm pretty satisfied with what we have so far.

##The code##

###**casTest.cpp**###
	int main(int argc, const char* const argv[])
	{
		std::vector<TestCase*> tests;
		
		createTests(tests);
		
		TestRunner runner(new TapTestReporter());
		runner.runTests(tests);
		
		int errCount(runner.getFailed());
		
		deleteTests(tests);
		
		return errCount;
	}

*main()* is just about in it's final form, at least from the point of view of the algorithm it will implement.  First, it instantiates a vector of *TestCase\** and passes it to *createTests()* which populates the vector with dynamically allocated *TestCase* objects.  Then, it creates a *TestRunner* object passing a dynamically created *TapTestReporter* object to it.  (The *TestRunner* object assumes ownership of the *TestReporter* object and is responsible for destroying it.  Next, the *TestRunner* object runs all of the tests collected in the vector.  Finally, the count of failed tests is received from the *TestRunner*, the tests are deleted by calling *deleteTests()* and passing the vector of tests to it, and the count of failed tests (*errCount*) is returned to the system as the exit code of the program.

Eventually, the functions *createTests()* and *deleteTests()* will be mapped from the shared libraries that are built into the user's test suites.  These libraries (test suites) will be built to be plugins to *casTest*.  One additional thought is to also map in a *createTestReporter()* function that will allow users to build their own test reporting functionality.  This will be an optional element to the user's test suites (libraries).  If the function doesn't exit in the test suite, we'll just create a *TapTestReporter* object and use it.  Of course this will require a little change to main in the way we'd need to also allow mapping of a *deleteTestReporter()* function.  (It's my understanding that if memory is allocated with *new* in a shared library it should also be deleted via the shared library.  [Here's a tutorial on shared libraries.](http://www.yolinux.com/TUTORIALS/LibraryArchives-StaticAndDynamic.html)

