#20160515#

So, after I had finished last time, I got to thinking about have a default implementation for *TestReporter*.  I've changed my mind about that.  There's really no sense in users having to carry around the default implementation if they don't want it, so, I'll refactor out an abstract interface and derive a *TAPTestReport* to provide default behavior.

**TODO**
--------
* TestRunner tests:

>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail

* TestReporter tests:
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsOKForPassedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestPlan</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsNOTOKForFailedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsSKIPPEDForSkippedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestSummary</del>

* <del>Split the code into multiple files</del>
* <del>Refactor *TestRunner::runTest()*.  Should *tryTest()* return the test result (PASS, FAIL, SKIP) ?</del>
* <del>Create test logger/reporter.  How should we format the report?  Use TAP-style output?</del>
* Implement various assert macros for test writers
* Implement test construction macros

...

##*TestReporter* Refactor##
OK, that was a little more work than I thought it would be, but, all tests still pass.  While I'm stil in refactor mode, I think I'll fix something that I noticed yesterday.  The [TAP specification](http://testanything.org/tap-specification.html) actually specifies that **ok** or **not ok** should the first part of the output, not **OK** or **NOT OK**.  So, I'll go ahead and fix that.  It also appears that I have a little more studying to do about TAP, so I'll add a task to my *TODO* list.  I may have to rethink having the TapTestReporter being the default.  Maybe, an old fashioned **....F....F.** type output would be better as default.  Then I could take my time to get the *TapTestReporter* right.

Anyway, we'll leave our *TapTestReporter* as default for now and plan to change it later.

...

OK, fixed the case issue, and also made a first pass at handling the case where a test is skipped.  In reworking the *TestReporter* class family, we also removed the *toString()* static function from *TestResult*.  Although it seemed like a good idea initially, it could be that each concrete *TestReporter* uses a diffent string for each of *Passed*, *Failed*, or *Skipped*.  So, we've added a pure virtual *resultToString()* function on the *TestReporter* class.

As a result of removing *TestResult::toString()*, there is no longer a need for the tests contained in **testResultTests.cpp**, so we've deleted the files **testResultTests.h** and **testResultsTests.cpp**.  We've also removed the creation of these tests from *createTests()*.  *TestResult* is now a class containing a single enumerated type, *Result*.  It seems to me that there is still value in maintaining the *TestResult* as a separate class.  Didn't we use this class to reduce dependencies on *TestCase*?

...

So that's all for now.

Here's the valgrind report:

##valgrind##
	==10736== Memcheck, a memory error detector
	==10736== Copyright (C) 2002-2013, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
	==10736== Using Valgrind-3.10.1 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
	==10736== Command: ./casTest
	==10736== 
	1..11
	ok 1 - PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions
	ok 2 - FailingTestThrowsTestFailed
	ok 3 - SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped
	ok 4 - TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass
	ok 5 - TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails
	ok 6 - TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip
	ok 7 - TestReporterPrintsTestPlan
	ok 8 - TestReporterPrintsOKForPassedTest
	ok 9 - TestReporterPrintsNOTOKForFailedTest
	ok 10 - TestReporterPrintsSKIPPEDForSkippedTest
	ok 11 - TestReporterPrintsTestSummary
	Tests ran: 11
		FAILED: 0
		SKIPPED: 0
	==10736== 
	==10736== HEAP SUMMARY:
	==10736==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
	==10736==   total heap usage: 96 allocs, 96 frees, 8,072 bytes allocated
	==10736== 
	==10736== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
	==10736== 
	==10736== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
	==10736== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)

_Note: Once we got a proper *TestReporter* interface in place, we were able to provide a mock *TestReporter* class where it made sense to do so.  This has caused our report to now reflect just the output from the higher-level tests being run.  While the contained tests are still run, the result of these tests is reported as a pass or fail in the containing test.  This is probably the best way to approach this, but we could provide some output from the mock test reporters to provide a visual clue to the details.  Have to think about that._



