##20160901##

As I was contemplating defining the test creation macros we'll need I noticed that I had some code in at least one of the destructors that should have been in the *tearDown()* function.  Before I do anything else, I think I'd like to refactor that code, and any other such code I might find, so that it's in its proper place.

So, looking again, *TestRunnerTest* is the class that jumped out at me before.  *TestRunnerTest::~TestRunnerTest()* looks like this:

	TestRunnerTest::~TestRunnerTest()
	{
		for(TestCase* t : tests_)
		delete t;
    
		tests_.clear();
	}

This code really should be in the *tearDown()* function.  This will allow the class to be better controlled by the framework, and without this move, using the test construction macros wouldn't be as effective.  So after the move, we eliminate the destructor (that is we use the compiler's generated destructor), and have:

	void TestRunnerTest::tearDown()
	{
		for(TestCase* t : tests_)
		delete t;
    
		tests_.clear();
	}

And, all tests still pass.  Now for a scrub of the rest of the self-test classes.

...

Well, I guess we only really had the one issue  I thought we should move the creation of the *MockTestReporter* object from the *TestRunnerTest* class constructor to its *setUp()* function, but it turns out that causes a lot of rippling changes.  Changes that aren;t really necessary.  So, we'll leave it.  We really only create the *MockTestReporter* because the *TestRunner* can't be created without it.  These tests are for the *TestRunner* class.  The *TestReporter* is tested via the tests for the *TapTestReporter*, which is the default test reporter for *casTest*.

So, going back to our *TODO* list, we see that we can probably begin to prepare for moving the self-tests to a library.  We're not quite ready to make the leap, but we can do some preliminary work.  So, I've added a task to this effect.

**TODO**
--------
* TestRunner tests:

>* <del>PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions</del>
>* <del>FailingTestThrowsTestFailed</del>
>* <del>SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail</del>

* TestReporter tests:
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsOKForPassedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestPlan</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsNOTOKForFailedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsSKIPPEDForSkippedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestSummary</del>

* <del>Split the code into multiple files</del>
* <del>Refactor *TestRunner::runTest()*.  Should *tryTest()* return the test result (PASS, FAIL, SKIP) ?</del>
* <del>Create test logger/reporter.  How should we format the report?  Use TAP-style output?</del>

* Implement various assert macros for test writers
>* <del>EXPECT_TRUE</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_FALSE</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_THROWS</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_NOTHROW</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_EQ</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_NE<del>
>* <del>EXPECT_LT</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_LE</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_GT</del>
>* <del>EXPECT_GE<del>

>* <del>Create an error message factory that translates exception objects into
error messages</del>

* Implement test construction macros

* Rework the make system to be fully independent
* Consider whether or not *casTest* should be built into a single executable tool (rather than multiple tools).
* Consider replacing *out_* member of *TestReporter* with something else.

* <b>Prepare for moving self-tests to library by moving the following functions to a new file:
>* createTests()
>* deleteTests()</b>


* Create a library loader/plugin class to wrap the dynamic library routines we need for the plugins.
>* *void createTests(std::vector<TestCase*>&)*
>* *void deleteTests(std::vector<TestCase*>&)*
>* *TestReporter\* createTestReporter()*
>* *void deleteTestReporter(TestReporter\*)*

* Move all self-tests to a shared library so that the self test functions like any other test to be executed.

...






