#20160510#

_NOTE: One thing I think I forgot to mention is that I am working on *CAS2* in my spare time.  I usually spend a little time on it the the evening.  So anyway, that's my excuse for making such slow progress.  Am I going too slow?_

Yesterday, I ended with the the task of creating *TestReport* as my next task.  Actually, *TestReporter* might be a better name.  The default *TestReporter* will just stream the test results to standard out.  I'd like the results to be streamed out as the tests are run.  I'd also like to output them in a standard format.  We'll use the *Test Anything Protocol (TAP)* for the format.  (We'll probably do a little bit with alignment, adding a space here or there to try to keep test numbers lined up; at least to some extent.)  If you've checked, you know that the current output is not in *TAP* format.

**TODO**
--------
* TestRunner tests:

>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail

* <del>Split the code into multiple files</del>
* <del>Refactor *TestRunner::runTest()*.  Should *tryTest()* return the test result (PASS, FAIL, SKIP) ?</del>
* Create test logger/reporter.  How should we format the report?  Use TAP-style output?
* Implement various assert macros for test writers
* Implement test construction macros

...

##TestReport##
Of course we'll proceed in *TDD* fashion.  So, the first test will be:

>*<del>TestReporterPrintsTestPlanShowingTheRangeOfTestsToRun</del>

<del>I don't normally like names quite that long, but it's descriptive, yes?</del>

	Well, let's call it this instead:
	>*TestReporterPrintsTestPlan


Well, shucks!  Is this what we want to do?  We have the basic code.  So what we want to do is refactor it.  Right?? Ahh, but, we're likely change things up some as a result of creating the new *TestReporter* class.  So, better to consider this new code and truly procede test first.  Besides, as I type this, I realize that all the prints so far probably shouldn't even be there.  We've never written any kind of test for the output.  Oh well, what's done is done.

(For the record, I did actuall mark the first few lines under ##TestReport## as deleted, then came to my senses.  OK, pressing on.

...

*TestReporter::printPlan()* and *TestReporterPrintsTestPlan* implemented.  The test passes...as well as all others.

OK, another short entry, but, well, time to go.

##valgrind##
	==11227== Memcheck, a memory error detector
	==11227== Copyright (C) 2002-2013, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
	==11227== Using Valgrind-3.10.1 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
	==11227== Command: ./casTest
	==11227== 
	Running 10 tests.
		1. PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions: OK
		2. FailingTestThrowsTestFailed: OK
		3. SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped: OK
		Running 6 tests.
			1. PassingTest: OK
			2. PassingTest: OK
			3. PassingTest: OK
			4. PassingTest: OK
			5. PassingTest: OK
			6. PassingTest: OK
		All tests PASSED
		4. TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass: OK
		Running 3 tests.
			1. PassingTest: OK
			2. FailingTest: NOT OK
			3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED
		One or more tests FAILED (One or more tests SKIPPED)
		5. TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails: OK
		   Running 4 tests.
			   1. PassingTest: OK
			   2. PassingTest: OK
			   3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED
			   4. PassingTest: OK
		   All tests PASSED (One or more tests SKIPPED)
	   6. TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip: OK
	   7. TestResultToStringReturnsPassedForPassed: OK
	   8. TestResultToStringReturnsFailedForFailed: OK
	   9. TestResultToStringReturnsSkippedForSkipped: OK
	   10. TestReporterPrintsTestPlan: OK
	All tests PASSED
	==11227== 
	==11227== HEAP SUMMARY:
	==11227==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
	==11227==   total heap usage: 97 allocs, 97 frees, 4,278 bytes allocated
	==11227== 
	==11227== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
	==11227== 
	==11227== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
	==11227== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)

_NOTE:  Since we haven't completed development of the *TestReporter* class, we obviously can't use it yet.  But once complete, we'll make sure our test results are reported using it.  Even in the self-tests._
