#20160512#

After I finished my session last night, I got to thinking about how the tests run.  Or, rather, the environment that they run in.  Currently, all tests run within the same process space.  We're not doing any multi-threaded stuff, but still a memory problem in one test could potentialy corrupt memory and affect a different test.  This is something that had occurred to me when I developed casTest version 1 in 2012.  I also saw a discussion on this issue regarding another testing framework via YouTube.  (I honestly had already thought about the issue.)  This isn't something we'll try to address yet, but it is something that we will want to address before calling this complete.

So, I've added *TestReporterPrintsTestSummary* to the **TODO** list.  My plan for this evening is to implement this test case.  If all goes well, I'd also like to replace the current screen prints with the new *TestReporter* class in the application itself.

**TODO**
--------
* TestRunner tests:

>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail

* TestReporter tests:
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsOKForPassedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestPlan</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsNOTOKForFailedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsSKIPPEDForSkippedTest</del>
>* TestReporterPrintsTestSummary

* <del>Split the code into multiple files</del>
* <del>Refactor *TestRunner::runTest()*.  Should *tryTest()* return the test result (PASS, FAIL, SKIP) ?</del>
* Create test logger/reporter.  How should we format the report?  Use TAP-style output?
* Implement various assert macros for test writers
* Implement test construction macros

...

##TestReporter (continued)##
OK, getting implementing *TestReporterPrintsTestSummary* went fairly smoothly.  Now, to put *TestReporter* into proper use.

So, I'm not 100% sure that I did this correctly.  My first cut at getting *TestReporter* integrated into the application, was to have *TestRunner* take a dynamically created *TestReporter* object and assume ownership of it.  I didn't create any kind of test first, I just added the argument to the constructor, and added a data member.  I did remember to delete the object in the destructor.  So, I approached this as a refactoring of sorts...Well, actually I guess it's an integration.  Anyway, I think this was OK.  Any thoughts?  I did break the *TestRunner* tests during this process, but they were easy to fix, and I got to create a *mock* *TestReporter* class to use in them.  That required turning the previously fully concreter *TestReporter* into an interface.  I left the default functionaly in the base class, but at least users can derive their own *TestReporter* classes.

I do have an idea how to allow this is the planned final product....honest.

So, now, I'll continue to integrate.  (I do recognize that there may be a better way to integrate *TestReporter*.  Should I use an observer pattern?  Some other pattern?  Something to think about.)

Cool.  All tests pass.  That wasn't hard at all.  I still wonder about the integration.  Was my approach acceptable.  I will be thinking on that for a little while yet.  I think I am satisified with the approach, though.

OK, valgrind report:

##valgrind##
	==4321== Memcheck, a memory error detector
	==4321== Copyright (C) 2002-2013, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
	==4321== Using Valgrind-3.10.1 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
	==4321== Command: ./casTest
	==4321== 
	1..14
		OK 1 - PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions
		OK 2 - FailingTestThrowsTestFailed
		OK 3 - SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped
		1..6
			OK 1 - PassingTest
			OK 2 - PassingTest
			OK 3 - PassingTest
			OK 4 - PassingTest
			OK 5 - PassingTest
			OK 6 - PassingTest
		Tests ran: 6
			FAILED: 0
			SKIPPED: 0
		OK 4 - TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass
		1..3
			OK 1 - PassingTest
			NOT OK 2 - FailingTest
			SKIPPED 3 - SkippedTest
		Tests ran: 3
			FAILED: 1
			SKIPPED: 1
		OK 5 - TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails
		1..4
			OK 1 - PassingTest
			OK 2 - PassingTest
			SKIPPED 3 - SkippedTest
			OK 4 - PassingTest
		Tests ran: 4
			FAILED: 0
			SKIPPED: 1
		OK 6 - TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip
		OK 7 - TestResultToStringReturnsPassedForPassed
		OK 8 - TestResultToStringReturnsFailedForFailed
		OK 9 - TestResultToStringReturnsSkippedForSkipped
		OK 10 - TestReporterPrintsTestPlan
		OK 11 - TestReporterPrintsOKForPassedTest
		OK 12 - TestReporterPrintsNOTOKForFailedTest
		OK 13 - TestReporterPrintsSKIPPEDForSkippedTest
		OK 14 - TestReporterPrintsTestSummary
	Tests ran: 14
		FAILED: 0
		SKIPPED: 0
	==4321== 
	==4321== HEAP SUMMARY:
	==4321==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
	==4321==   total heap usage: 132 allocs, 132 frees, 9,344 bytes allocated
	==4321== 
	==4321== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
	==4321== 
	==4321== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
	==4321== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
