#20160523 - 20160526#
Tonight, I'll just I'll continue where I left off last night.  I think I'd like to get the various *EXPECT<>* macros done.  Along with that, I imagine some work will get done on the set of exception classes we'll need for the test framework.  I've added several items under the macro task.

**TODO**
--------
* TestRunner tests:

>* <del>PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions</del>
>* <del>FailingTestThrowsTestFailed</del>
>* <del>SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped</del>
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail

* TestReporter tests:
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsOKForPassedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestPlan</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsNOTOKForFailedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsSKIPPEDForSkippedTest</del>
>* <del>TestReporterPrintsTestSummary</del>

* <del>Split the code into multiple files</del>
* <del>Refactor *TestRunner::runTest()*.  Should *tryTest()* return the test result (PASS, FAIL, SKIP) ?</del>
* <del>Create test logger/reporter.  How should we format the report?  Use TAP-style output?</del>

* Implement various assert macros for test writers
>>* <del>EXPECT_TRUE</del>
>>* <del>EXPECT_FALSE</del>
>>* <del>EXPECT_THROWS</del>
>>* <del>EXPECT_NOTHROW</del>
>>* <del>EXPECT_EQ</del>
>>* <del>EXPECT_NE<del>
>>* EXPECT_LT
>>* EXPECT_LE
>>* EXPECT_GT
>>* EXPECT_GE

>* <del>Create an error message factory that translates exception objects into
error messages</del>

* Implement test construction macros

* Rework the make system to be fully independent
* Consider whether or not *casTest* should be built into a single executable tool (rather than multiple tools).
* Consider replace *out_* member of *TestReporter* with something else.

...

I am still conflicted about whether to just change *TestCase::TestCase()* to take an error message and have a single *TestCase* exception class, or to provide a family of exceptions.  We have a fairly generic exception class in *TestCase::TestFailed*.  We could just change the constructor to accept a message and format an appropriate message in the definitions of our *EXPECT<>* macros.  Or, we can create a family of exception classes.  Decisions, decisions!  If we go with the family of exception classes, we'll have to add a virtual destructor and probably a pure virtual *what()* function.  I guess we'd need *what()* either way, though in the single exception class it wouldn't need to be virtual.

In the end, both user code in the form of shared libraries, and the *casTest* executable itself will have to be able to use *TestCase* and the expceptions defined for the test cases.  I'd like to avoid any copying of messages during the running of a set of tests.  So, let's see if we can create a couple of reasonable derived exceptions that will work well.  Oh yes, TDD, so we'll need to add a few tests (one at a time) to *testExceptionTests.h/cpp*.

#20160526#

Well, I've been sort of hit and miss with this over the last few days, but after starting down the path of an Exception hierarchy, I've switch gears and gone with the single *TestFailed* exception class for *casTest 2*.  Since we had to create some macros to make test writing a bit simpler anyway, I was able to add a *const char\* const* member for the error message to be returned.  Each *Expect<>* macro passes a statically allocated string into the *TestCase* constructor.  This is then assigned to the pointer, and no need to copy text at run time.  I realize that this may be using the preprocessor more than some would like, but looking at the code in testCse.h, it seems fairly clean and simple.  I am satisfied with the approach...I think.  Well, if you know of a better way, please enlighten me!

...
I'll finish up with the first round of test macros <del>tomorrow</del> next time.

Here's the valgrind report:

	==1740== Memcheck, a memory error detector
	==1740== Copyright (C) 2002-2013, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
	==1740== Using Valgrind-3.10.1 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
	==1740== Command: ./casTest
	==1740== 
	1..18
	ok 1 - PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions
	ok 2 - FailingTestThrowsTestFailed
	ok 3 - SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped
	ok 4 - TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass
	ok 5 - TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails
	ok 6 - TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip
	ok 7 - TestReporterPrintsTestPlan
	ok 8 - TestReporterPrintsOKForPassedTest
	ok 9 - TestReporterPrintsNOTOKForFailedTest
	ok 10 - TestReporterPrintsSKIPPEDForSkippedTest
	ok 11 - TestReporterPrintsTestSummary
	ok 12 - TestExceptionContainsFileAndLineInfo
	ok 13 - ExpectTrueExceptionContainsAppropriateMessage
	ok 14 - ExpectFalseExceptionContainsAppropriateMessage
	ok 15 - ExpectEqualExceptionContainsAppropriateMessage
	ok 16 - ExpectNotEqualExceptionContainsAppropriateMessage
	ok 17 - UnexpectedExceptionContainsAppropriateMessage
	ok 18 - UncaughtExceptionExceptionContainsAppropriateMessage
	Tests ran: 18
	    FAILED: 0
	    SKIPPED: 0
	==1740== 
	==1740== HEAP SUMMARY:
	==1740==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
	==1740==   total heap usage: 118 allocs, 118 frees, 10,044 bytes allocated
	==1740== 
	==1740== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
	==1740== 
	==1740== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
	==1740== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)


