#20160421#

_NOTE: Edited on 05/09/2016._

The changes to the CAS make files didn't quite go as I expected.  On finding
Paul D. Smith's [website](http://make.mad-scientists.net), I fully expected to basically start over.  But, I didn't quite see a full make system.  This wasn't due to the quality of his site, I think it is extremely good.  Rather, being a bit impatient, I didn't read the material as thoroughly as I should have.  In the end, I incorporated his dependency generation code and a few other of his ideas into my existing makefiles.  I think this gives CAS a pretty good set of make files, which will be easy enough to change should the need arise.  I think I may be able to also incorporate these ideas into the make files at work.

Tonight, I begin to redo casTest with the thought in mind that this utility
should simply run tests.  The tests will be in the form of shared libraries
just as the first iteration of casTest.  So, in the end, it looks like we'll
need the following classes:
    - Library loader
    - TestCase interface
    - A group of functions for comparing actual with expected results
      -- These will likely need to be in the form of a set of macros which
         call underlying functions
    - A mechanism to simplify the creation of test cases
      -- Each test case will likely be created by deriving a class from the
         TestCase interface
      -- Consider using the NVI pattern...though this isn't strictly necessary
         - Are there advantages here???
	  _NOTE: As of 05/09/2016, I still haven;t used NVI as the primary test interface.  I don't think it should be hard to switch if I decide to go that way, but for now, *TestCase::run()* is pure virtual.

So, we'll use a test driven development approach and begin with something like:

    int main(int argc, const char* const argv[])
    {
        std::cout << "Nothing to do here. " << std::endl;

        return -1;
    }

So, let's get started.  (We won't get far as it's late and Karen is ready to
watch Limitless, but, we can at least get the above code done.
