20160428
========

So, yesterday, I said that I thought that my refactoring phase was complete.  Of course the first thing I start thinking is that *TestRunner::runTest()* should be re-worked a bit.  I think I can probably get rid of those local *previousFailed* and *previousSkipped* variables, but it will also mean that I will need to change *tryTest()* to return the result of the test.  I'll just add this to my **TODO** list.

**TODO**
--------
* TestRunner tests:

>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass</del>
>* TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsSkipWhenTestIsSkipped
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPass
>* TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsFail
>* <del>TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip</del>
>* Maybe, TestRunnerReportsNoSkipsWhenAllTestsPassOrFail

* Split the code into multiple files
* Refactor *TestRunner::runTest()*.  Should *tryTest() return the test result (PASS, FAIL, SKIP) ?
* Create test logger/reporter.  How should we format the report?  Use TAP-style output?
* Implement various for test writers
* Implement test construction macros

##TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass
So, now to add the next test.

Having added code to create one each of *PassingTest*, *FailingTest*, and *SkippedTest* to the *TestRunnerTest* base class, my new *TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass* class failed right off the bat.  So, I added a throw of *TestCase::TestSkipped* as the first line of its *run()* function.  This allowed me to refactor *TestCase* to add the virtual functions *setUp()* and *tearDown()*.  One this was in place, I overrode the method in *TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass* to add only *PassingTest* objects.  I then removed the throw, and built and ran the test.  All tests pass.

##TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip
Added this one, too.  Also preformed a minor refactoring tweak while all tests pass.

...

Well, I know it was a short entry, but going to call it a night.  Here's the current valgrind report.

##valgrind
	Running 6 tests.
		1. PassingTestThrowsNoExceptions: OK
		2. FailingTestThrowsTestFailed: OK
		3. SkippedTestThrowsTestSkipped: OK
	Running 6 tests.
		1. PassingTest: OK
		2. PassingTest: OK
		3. PassingTest: OK
		4. PassingTest: OK
		5. PassingTest: OK
		6. PassingTest: OK
	All tests PASSED
		4. TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPass: OK
	Running 3 tests.
		1. PassingTest: OK
		2. FailingTest: NOT OK
		3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED
	One or more tests FAILED (One or more tests SKIPPED)
		5. TestRunnerReportsAFailureWhenATestFails: OK
	Running 4 tests.
		1. PassingTest: OK
		2. PassingTest: OK
		3. SkippedTest: SKIPPED
		4. PassingTest: OK
	All tests PASSED (One or more tests SKIPPED)
		6. TestRunnerReportsNoFailuresWhenAllTestsPassOrSkip: OK
	All tests PASSED
	==4599== 
	==4599== HEAP SUMMARY:
	==4599==     in use at exit: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
	==4599==   total heap usage: 60 allocs, 60 frees, 2,386 bytes allocated
	==4599== 
	==4599== All heap blocks were freed -- no leaks are possible
	==4599== 
	==4599== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
	==4599== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
