##20170317##
After thinking about it, I guess as a first step in getting the commands going could be the addTest command.  So the design will basically be to have a base class *Command*, and a command factory.  *addTest* probably won't be exactly trivial, but if we rely on an external script to do the actual work to setup the new test environment (as we did with casTest v1), that should simplify things enough to get started.

So, first we need a test.  Something like NewTestCommandExecutes.  This will basically be a test which, when *exec()* is called, sets an internal flag to indicate that it has run... Actually, as I think about it, we probably want to use a similar pattern that we used with the tests.  We probably want a *CommandRunner* to execute our commands and provide a central place to catch and report any exceptions that may be thrown by the commands.  So, our first test should probably be CommandRunnerExecutesDoNothingCommand.  Well, something like that.

...

##20170318##
Well, the first test is complete and runs as expected.  It appears that I have lost my use of valgrind on my Macbook Pro, which is a major bummer.  I'll update a linux repository soon and check it there.

So, we've added the following classes:
>- *CommandRunnerExecutesDoNothingCommand* (Our starting test)
>- *Command* (Abstart base class which provides pure virtual *exec()*
>- *DoNothingCommand* which provides the means to ensure that the command runner executed the command

It would seem that the classes *TestCase* and *Command* could actually be derived from a common base class.  I guess the obvious classname would be *Runnable*.  It's not very original, and has been used many times, but it would certainly seem to be the common base for these two classes.  We'd have to change the function in command to be *run()* instead of *exec()*, but that wouldn't be a big deal.  We could also leave the *exec()* funtion in as a non-virtual function, and simply implement it to call *run()* (Non-Virtual Interface pattern).  Users would provide the implementation for *run()* instead of for *exec()*.  This also let's us reduce to a single *runner*-type class (*Runner*?) which could run all *Runnable* objects.  I'm tempted to go down this path, but on the other hand, are tests and commands sufficiently different to keep the separate class families?  Rather than make the change now, I think it's probably best press on.  I believe we have a design that will allow us to provide the common base class later...well a little later anyway.

We'll continue after my long Saturday walk - and perhaps a few errands/chores.

...
